NAME                                                           INSTALLED       FIXED-IN          TYPE       VULNERABILITY        SEVERITY   
coreutils                                                      9.1-1           (won't fix)       deb        CVE-2016-2781        Low         
coreutils                                                      9.1-1                             deb        CVE-2017-18018       Negligible  
github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin                          v0.2.3          0.2.4             go-module  GHSA-6xv5-86q9-7xr8  Medium      
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp  v0.35.1         0.44.0            go-module  CVE-2023-45142       High        
golang.org/x/net                                               v0.13.0         0.17.0            go-module  CVE-2023-44487       High        
golang.org/x/net                                               v0.13.0         0.17.0            go-module  CVE-2023-39325       High        
google.golang.org/grpc                                         v1.54.0         1.56.3            go-module  GHSA-m425-mq94-257g  High        
google.golang.org/grpc                                         v1.54.0         1.56.3            go-module  CVE-2023-44487       High        
iptables                                                       1.8.9-2                           deb        CVE-2012-2663        Negligible  
libc6                                                          2.36-9+deb12u1  2.36-9+deb12u3    deb        CVE-2023-4911        High        
libc6                                                          2.36-9+deb12u1  2.36-9+deb12u3    deb        CVE-2023-4806        Medium      
libc6                                                          2.36-9+deb12u1  2.36-9+deb12u3    deb        CVE-2023-4527        Medium      
libc6                                                          2.36-9+deb12u1                    deb        CVE-2019-9192        Negligible  
libc6                                                          2.36-9+deb12u1                    deb        CVE-2019-1010025     Negligible  
libc6                                                          2.36-9+deb12u1                    deb        CVE-2019-1010024     Negligible  
libc6                                                          2.36-9+deb12u1                    deb        CVE-2019-1010023     Negligible  
libc6                                                          2.36-9+deb12u1                    deb        CVE-2019-1010022     Negligible  
libc6                                                          2.36-9+deb12u1                    deb        CVE-2018-20796       Negligible  
libc6                                                          2.36-9+deb12u1                    deb        CVE-2010-4756        Negligible  
libip4tc2                                                      1.8.9-2                           deb        CVE-2012-2663        Negligible  
libip6tc2                                                      1.8.9-2                           deb        CVE-2012-2663        Negligible  
libssl3                                                        3.0.9-1         3.0.10-1~deb12u1  deb        CVE-2023-3817        Medium      
libssl3                                                        3.0.9-1         3.0.10-1~deb12u1  deb        CVE-2023-3446        Medium      
libssl3                                                        3.0.9-1         3.0.10-1~deb12u1  deb        CVE-2023-2975        Medium      
libssl3                                                        3.0.9-1                           deb        CVE-2010-0928        Negligible  
libssl3                                                        3.0.9-1                           deb        CVE-2007-6755        Negligible  
libssl3                                                        3.0.9-1         (won't fix)       deb        CVE-2023-5678        Unknown     
libssl3                                                        3.0.9-1         3.0.11-1~deb12u2  deb        CVE-2023-5363        Unknown     
libxtables12                                                   1.8.9-2                           deb        CVE-2012-2663        Negligible
