NAME                                                           INSTALLED            FIXED-IN          TYPE       VULNERABILITY        SEVERITY   
coreutils                                                      8.32-4+b1            (won't fix)       deb        CVE-2016-2781        Low         
coreutils                                                      8.32-4+b1                              deb        CVE-2017-18018       Negligible  
github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin                          v0.2.3               0.2.4             go-module  GHSA-6xv5-86q9-7xr8  Medium      
github.com/docker/distribution                                 v2.8.1+incompatible  2.8.2-beta.1      go-module  CVE-2023-2253        Medium      
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp  v0.35.1              0.44.0            go-module  CVE-2023-45142       High        
golang.org/x/net                                               v0.8.0               0.17.0            go-module  CVE-2023-44487       High        
golang.org/x/net                                               v0.8.0               0.17.0            go-module  CVE-2023-39325       High        
golang.org/x/net                                               v0.8.0               0.13.0            go-module  CVE-2023-3978        Medium      
google.golang.org/grpc                                         v1.51.0              1.56.3            go-module  GHSA-m425-mq94-257g  High        
google.golang.org/grpc                                         v1.51.0              1.56.3            go-module  CVE-2023-44487       High        
iptables                                                       1.8.7-1                                deb        CVE-2012-2663        Negligible  
k8s.io/kubernetes                                              v1.27.2              1.27.5            go-module  CVE-2023-3955        High        
k8s.io/kubernetes                                              v1.27.2              1.27.3            go-module  CVE-2023-2728        Medium      
k8s.io/kubernetes                                              v1.27.2              1.27.3            go-module  CVE-2023-2727        Medium      
libc6                                                          2.31-13+deb11u5      2.31-13+deb11u7   deb        CVE-2023-4911        High        
libc6                                                          2.31-13+deb11u5      (won't fix)       deb        CVE-2023-4813        Medium      
libc6                                                          2.31-13+deb11u5      (won't fix)       deb        CVE-2023-4806        Medium      
libc6                                                          2.31-13+deb11u5                        deb        CVE-2019-9192        Negligible  
libc6                                                          2.31-13+deb11u5                        deb        CVE-2019-1010025     Negligible  
libc6                                                          2.31-13+deb11u5                        deb        CVE-2019-1010024     Negligible  
libc6                                                          2.31-13+deb11u5                        deb        CVE-2019-1010023     Negligible  
libc6                                                          2.31-13+deb11u5                        deb        CVE-2019-1010022     Negligible  
libc6                                                          2.31-13+deb11u5                        deb        CVE-2018-20796       Negligible  
libc6                                                          2.31-13+deb11u5                        deb        CVE-2010-4756        Negligible  
libip4tc2                                                      1.8.7-1                                deb        CVE-2012-2663        Negligible  
libip6tc2                                                      1.8.7-1                                deb        CVE-2012-2663        Negligible  
libpcre3                                                       2:8.39-13                              deb        CVE-2019-20838       Negligible  
libpcre3                                                       2:8.39-13                              deb        CVE-2017-7246        Negligible  
libpcre3                                                       2:8.39-13                              deb        CVE-2017-7245        Negligible  
libpcre3                                                       2:8.39-13                              deb        CVE-2017-16231       Negligible  
libpcre3                                                       2:8.39-13                              deb        CVE-2017-11164       Negligible  
libssl1.1                                                      1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     1.1.1n-0+deb11u5  deb        CVE-2023-0464        High        
libssl1.1                                                      1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     1.1.1v-0~deb11u1  deb        CVE-2023-3817        Medium      
libssl1.1                                                      1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     1.1.1v-0~deb11u1  deb        CVE-2023-3446        Medium      
libssl1.1                                                      1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     1.1.1n-0+deb11u5  deb        CVE-2023-2650        Medium      
libssl1.1                                                      1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     1.1.1n-0+deb11u5  deb        CVE-2023-0466        Medium      
libssl1.1                                                      1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     1.1.1n-0+deb11u5  deb        CVE-2023-0465        Medium      
libssl1.1                                                      1.1.1n-0+deb11u4                       deb        CVE-2010-0928        Negligible  
libssl1.1                                                      1.1.1n-0+deb11u4                       deb        CVE-2007-6755        Negligible  
libssl1.1                                                      1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     (won't fix)       deb        CVE-2023-5678        Unknown     
libxtables12                                                   1.8.7-1                                deb        CVE-2012-2663        Negligible  
openssl                                                        1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     1.1.1n-0+deb11u5  deb        CVE-2023-0464        High        
openssl                                                        1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     1.1.1v-0~deb11u1  deb        CVE-2023-3817        Medium      
openssl                                                        1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     1.1.1v-0~deb11u1  deb        CVE-2023-3446        Medium      
openssl                                                        1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     1.1.1n-0+deb11u5  deb        CVE-2023-2650        Medium      
openssl                                                        1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     1.1.1n-0+deb11u5  deb        CVE-2023-0466        Medium      
openssl                                                        1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     1.1.1n-0+deb11u5  deb        CVE-2023-0465        Medium      
openssl                                                        1.1.1n-0+deb11u4                       deb        CVE-2010-0928        Negligible  
openssl                                                        1.1.1n-0+deb11u4                       deb        CVE-2007-6755        Negligible  
openssl                                                        1.1.1n-0+deb11u4     (won't fix)       deb        CVE-2023-5678        Unknown
